- [Instructor] So where do we go now?
There are a few topics which we didn't full explore
in the exercise files, or the course project,
and that concerns subscribing to,
and sending messages to a topic.
I mentioned earlier, in the application.yml
that the Spring jms pub-sub-domain property
is currently set to false.
If you enable this Spring will allow you to send,
and subscribe to topics.
This is an excellent next step
for the book store warehouse project.
I wanna challenge you to dig into the documentation,
and see if you can achieve this functionality.
I know you can.
Additionally I wanna challenge you
to invest some time learning Spring Integration.
Spring Integration is a framework for
Enterprise application integration.
It is designed to enable the
development of integration solutions
typically of event driven,
and message centric architectures.
Spring Integration as an API includes,
and makes available all the relevant Spring jms APIs.
And lastly, I'd like to invite you
to search the LinkedIn Learning
library for other Spring courses.
Thank you so much for taking my course.
I hope to see you again for future courses.